fixes #476 (#482)
easystats/performance: NEWS.md

  variables/methods. Includes a new optional ID argument to add along the 
  row number in the output (@rempsyc #443).

## Bug Fixes

> * Fixes wrong zscore values when using vector instead of dataframe (#476)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes wrong *z*-score values when using vector instead of a data frame (#476).
```
